Examples of infeasibility detection which would be useful
-overtaking (planning in spacetime)
-caging (too difficult?)

CAGING: Maybe think about alternative necessary conditions!?
One idea: use varava idea of covering SO3. 

+Torus
+Dubin's Car

2 more missing

[ ] Visualize Torus Example in Blender as Front-page figure
[ ] Figure out (a) WHEN to stop and (b) WHAT guarantees we can give


[ ] Dubin's car example (something more intricate than just narrow passage?)
[ ] Add box/origami example, e.g. opening up a solar panel or something? (Why
not preprogramming one motion?)

High-level argument to make: Our algorithm is not exact, but we can (a) solve
realistic and useful problems and (b) we can scale up to many dimensions.

Main application should be to prioritized multi-robot planning. Because this is
what we need for fast multi-robot rearrangement planning.

WHy is there no Sparse Bidirectional DDRRT ? Seems so obvious to do. Also Why
not do multilevel sparse dynamic-domain asymtoptically optimal bidirectional
RRT*?

TODO:
[ ] Clarify all experiments
[ ] Run benchmarks of ALL planner. Get table. 
[ ] Run MultiSPARS (old) on them all.
[ ] Run MultiSPARS (new) on them all.

What experiments to do?

(1) Toy experiment for pull figure: Torus?. maybe cylinder? needs to be
multilevel for sure. Also it would not hurt to have something like klein bottle
or mobius strip. Note that they should showcase three things: sparse roadmaps,
multilevel abstractions AND infeasibility detection (AND OPTIONAL:) why fiber
bundles are essential (and not only product spaces). Torus with circle plus
stopper might be the way to go. Maybe a 3d space which projects onto a 2d space?
SE2? ---> Do two-halves torus

(2) Have 12 experiments (=24 having feasible/infeasible problem variations). All of them should highlight something essential.

(1) Bugtrap: Narrow passage, SE3 object
(2) Drone: Flying 
(3) KUKA: Fixed-based manip
(4) PR2: Mobile-base

Missing:
DONE (5) Multi-robot: Mobile base manips open crossing vs. closed crossing
(6) Picking?
(7) Picking?
(8) Time: Car overtaking (Available probably in July)

(9)
(10)
(11)
(12)

Other ideas
- Multigoal regions
- Time-dependency: Can we overtake a car?
Feasibility study: Does it fit?

Limit cases: 

AND: further research on multimodal paths to improve algorithm. 
